Index.js => This is a file that lives under constants folder. This file contains multiple arrays, each for different component. This file will help changing the data dynamically and more easily.
I used gsap library to animated things like text and motion paths. Also react-icons for getting some icons.
Header => The header is a separate components that fetch data from the index.js file and map over them and gimme certain styles in addition to the key value and some important things like title. The header uses sticky position with a glassy background to make it visible all the way, this is achieved using javascript (getting the height and based on it make teh background color glassy with z index of 50 to appear the the top of everything else). Furthermore, there is light/dark mode button in the header to provide the user with what he's comfortable with, the value the user chooses will be stored in the local storage. Also there is a smooth scroll animation to any section from the header.

Hero => The hero section is pretty simple it has some paragraphs that greet teh user. One of the paragraph is using gsap animation, so the paragraph is showing word by word initially. I got subtitles (first, the title is static, which is more general) that has animation. The subtitles are changing each 10 seconds and it has effect so that it appears character by character and it is being deleted afterwards. Another thing in the hero is the the orbit that the icons are circulating around. This was done using gsap motion plugin.
Work => For the work section I got multiple buttons that if the user click, it informs him that this button is clicked by changing the background color of the button. Also there is a search bar that the user can type something to filter the works based on. And we got some simple cards for sample works
Steps => This component has also another component which is the title (I created it so in the future I can use it again with the same styles). The steps themselves are easy things, I'm providing them in the index.js file and I'm getting them from there and adding additional styling.
Contact => This page is simply inputs elements and a simple email validation to check the email before sending the message.
